Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
In the early Northern Song dynasty. the country
was often invaded by the Khitan-led Liao Dynasty.
The former Yan kingdom's old forces were
secretly planning to restore their power.
Territorial disputes triggered wars.
Kindness and enmity were everywhere.
Love and hatred were all ignited by greed
and jealously. No one was an exception.
Those who had feelings
were all caught in them.
Mother. do you see how tall I have grown?
- Let me see.
- You little brat.
- You're up to here.
- You're almost as tall as me.
That's right.
He's fine. He's back!
He's all right.
How many Liao thieves did you kill today?
Buddy. aren't you afraid of death?
As a Beggars' Gang disciple.
we live and die together. of course.
Kid. you are capable.
I. Ma Dayuan. won't be wrong about him.
This is my woman.
Greet Qiao.
Qiao.
Elder Xi. are you all right?
Yes. I'm fine.
East five. south three.
Five. six. eight.
Gusu.
Waiter. is breakfast available yet?
Hurry up and bring us some.
Sure. Please come with me.
Master. what is in your cage downstairs?
A sacrifice.
So it's livestock.
My compassionate Buddha
does not abandon any sentient beings.
I was passing through Dali
when I met a stubborn creature.
It was unruly. so I'm bringing it
to an old friend as a sort of deliverance.
Take your time.
Rehabilitating others is
easy. oneself less so.
You are a monk.
A monk should speak of compassion.
If you are compassionate.
why do you cage a living human being?
Brave sir. I'm Duan Yu of Dali!
This vile monk. Jiu Mozhi. will sacrifice
me at Murong Bo's tomb in Gusu...
I would like to ask you. Master.
What is compassion?
Compassion brings happiness to all beings
and plucks all beings from suffering.
I send him to be redeemed.
naturally. to save him from suffering.
Forcing someone to be redeemed
will increase his suffering.
How is that compassion?
Three lifetimes of karma
and six paths of reincarnation.
I'm redeeming the caged person.
It is to help him redeem his karma
and return to reincarnation.
Is that not compassion?
Destiny let us meet.
I met you by chance.
It is quite a fate.
How about this?
This meal is on me.
But the young man in the
cage has to stay today.
It seems that this was
not a chance meeting.
Sir.
you have been waiting here for a while.
I journeyed from Tubo
and am just passing through here.
I did not capture one of the Song people.
What does it have to do with you?
In the land of the Great Song. anyone who
disregards morality becomes my business.
There is too much bad karma in the world.
I advise you not to play with fire.
I'm just a man who can't afford warm
clothes and can't get enough to eat.
I'm not afraid of bad karma...
as long as I can face the heavens without
shame and live up to people's expectations.
The Song dynasty is in jeopardy.
If you know what is good for you.
you should leave the state.
Perhaps you will have a chance to survive.
Aren't you afraid of being
surrounded by enemies?
Don't incur the wrath of the masses!
I won't offend you if you don't offend me.
If someone offends me and crosses the line.
I'll fight with him.
I'll fight as long as he wants.
I'll keep on fighting.
Then...
we shall test your luck today.
Dragon Claw Hand.
- Dog Beating Staff?
- It's used on jerks.
Since you came from Tubo. you may not
have adjusted to the Central Plain.
We are tolerant after all.
Would you like to take a
breath before continuing?
If you want to save all beings in hell. you
must first endure the suffering of hell!
Until hell is empty. you
will not become a Buddha!
Go to hell!
Eighteen Subduing Dragon Palms?
- Greetings. Master!
You are the master of the
Beggars' Gang. Qiao Feng.
What's the occasion? Why is everyone here?
Qiao Feng. something big has happened
in the Beggars' Gang.
Sir. the Beggars' Gang has
no relationship with our Murong family.
Why did you bring us here?
I just want you to see
the reality of the Beggars' Gang.
known as the first largest gang of beggars
in the world.
Within our gang is a foreign traitor.
And this traitor holds a
high status in the gang.
The traitor we are talking about...
is you.
- What did you say?
- What are you talking about?
Elder Bai. what do you mean to say?
Vice Master Ma was killed last night...
by a traitor.
Vice Master Ma was killed?
What happened?
Someone testified that you did it.
That's ridiculous!
I had no enmity with him.
Why would I hurt him?
What happened?
Who said that?
It was me.
Qiao Feng.
Why did you kill my husband?
Mrs. Ma. don't let anyone
sow discord between us.
My husband told me before he died.
He said he had a letter
that could reveal your true identity.
He was afraid you would
kill him to silence him.
He also said...
that if one day he really was killed.
it would be you who did it.
Please. Elder Bai.
Please read the contents of the letter
to the gang's brothers.
"This man. Qiao Feng. is not one of us.
His biological parents died
at the hands of the Song people.
All will be fine if this boy
does not know his origins.
Otherwise. not only will the Beggars' Gang
be destroyed at his hands.
but the Central Plain
will also suffer a great calamity.
There is too much at stake
when choosing the next gang master.
"Please think twice."
Just based on this letter?
There may still be doubts
that you murdered Vice Master Ma.
However. you are a Khitan.
Not only do we have physical evidence.
but we also have witnesses.
Elder Xu is here!
- Greetings. Elder Xu.
Thirty years ago. one of our leading brothers
led the great heroes of the Central Plain
to Yanmen Pass to ambush Khitan soldiers.
Master Wang was among them.
At the time. a Khitan couple mistakenly entered
the battlefield and unfortunately died.
leaving behind a baby in swaddling clothes.
This child grew up and
joined the Beggars' Gang.
He made great achievements in battle.
Master Wang then intended to pass on the
position of master of the Beggars' Gang to him.
This letter was written
by the leading brother to Master Wang.
At the end of Master Wang's life.
he gave this letter to Vice Master Ma.
Qiao Feng. we have witnesses
and physical evidence.
The evidence is irrefutable.
What do you have to say?
Elder Xu.
take care.
Have you considered that
this letter could be forged?
Whether Elder Xu's words are true or not.
I'll definitely find out.
For the sake of
the Beggars' Gang's 100-year foundation.
we must first depose you as a gang master
and expel you from the Beggars' Gang.
We will never allow a Khitan
to continue to be our master!
Disciples.
If you still persist in ignorance.
you'll be punished according to our rules.
Elders.
today.
are you certain you wish
to depose Qiao Feng as a master?
As the Discipline Elder.
I must remind you
that according to the gang's rules.
disciples that offend the gang master.
regardless of the reason.
must be subjected to disciplinary daggers
to offset the crime of disrespect.
Bring the daggers.
A great man has no fear of death.
let alone a mere disciplinary dagger.
I'll go first!
What are you doing?
You four elders...
are meritorious members of the gang.
We are all brothers. I don't wish to fight.
Allow me to bear this
corporal punishment...
in your place.
- Master!
A great man...
acts with integrity and honesty
and has nothing to be ashamed of.
All right.
From this moment on.
I'm no longer the Beggars' Gang's master.
Listen up.
I'll find out the truth
behind all the slander against me today.
Don't worry. everyone.
I'll never harm a single
Song life as long as I live.
Take care.
Stop.
You killed my husband.
Do you want to get away with it?
Qiao Feng. you are no
longer the gang master.
That means we can punish
you as an outsider.
If I wish to leave. who can stop me?
I think Qiao Feng is a foolish man.
He has kung fu skills. but he lets
the Beggars' Gang bully him to this extent.
If it were me.
I would've taught those ingrates a lesson.
That's right. He even took
the punishment for them. What a joke.
Azhu. what do you think?
This world has all kinds of people.
Some bite the hand that feeds them.
Some repay grievances with virtue.
It's all a matter of the heart.
I think Qiao Feng is not foolish.
He is just seeking a guilt-free heart.
Loyalty and righteousness are inconstant.
Heaven and earth are not benevolent.
Since ancient times. loyalty and
righteousness are engraved on memorials
while profit and wealth move the heart.
Azhu. go to Shaolin Temple.
- Come catch me.
- Stop! I'll catch you.
Father!
Mother!
Father.
I'm Qiao Feng.
Who did this?
I want to know.
- Who am I?
- You are...
Mr. Qiao. we've come to harvest seedlings.
Qiao Feng!
You killed your parents?
That must mean the rumor that you killed
the Beggars' Gang's Ma Dayuan is true!
You really are a Khitan bastard!
You're worse than animals!
If you are capable. you can
try to kill us both today!
I didn't kill anyone.
If I were to kill someone.
would you still be alive?
[In Loving Memory Of My
Parents. Mr. And Mrs. Qiao]
Who really injured you?
Do you truly refuse to say anything?
The day I was ordained.
my master named me...
Xuanku.
Unfortunately. in life.
the sea of suffering is endless.
I cannot help the one who hurt me.
so there is nothing to say.
Xuanku. why must you suffer like this?
I don't want...
any of you to worry about me.
further increasing my karmic debt.
I do not say anything in hopes that...
that man...
can put down the butcher's
knife and repent his ways.
Master.
I. Qiao Feng. am useless.
I have shamed Shaolin's reputation.
I have come tonight to see you
for clarification on one thing.
Am I a Song man...
or a Khitan?
Master.
Help! That man is back again!
Quickly. help!
- Xuanku!
Find him!
Amitābha.
You said I'm back again. What do you mean?
Have you seen me before?
The Tendon-Altering Sutra has been stolen!
[Tendon-Altering Sutra]
There is someone in this room!
That's him! He's the one
who killed Master Xuanku!
Master. we witnessed it at the Qiao house!
He was the one who killed
his adoptive parents!
You cruelly killed your
parents and your teacher.
Qiao Feng. you are not worthy
of being called a human being.
Now. you've stolen the
temple's secret manuscript.
Are you not bullying the Shaolin Temple?
Dear brothers. I would never
hurt anyone in Shaolin.
If you all believe the rumors out there.
then I have nothing to say.
If everyone in the world
says you are. then you are!
- Stop!
- Don't run!
Catch him!
Master.
Shaolin Master Xuannan's Powerful
Vajra Palm injured your heart.
My vital energy is protecting your heart
and keeping you alive.
Otherwise. you would have died.
Who are you?
How dare you go to the Shaolin Temple
and steal the Tendon-Altering Sutra?
I didn't steal it. I borrowed it.
I'll return it after reading it.
You noble sects are so stubborn
and love to accuse people.
Since you think I'm a thief.
then I thank you for saving my life.
Goodbye.
Here. steamed buns.
Put on some dry clothes.
They're not stolen.
Just borrowed.
Your injury was all because of me.
I'll figure something out.
No need.
I'll figure it out myself.
The rain is too heavy.
How infuriating.
It's all that darned Qiao Feng's fault.
He alone has caused all this chaos.
This is such bad weather. and we still have to
run to all the sects to report the message.
- It's crazy.
- That's right.
I used to think that Qiao Feng was a hero.
I didn't think he was so heartless.
Do you know?
Though Qiao Feng has a very poor character.
his kung fu is very powerful.
Fortunately. the world
still has me. Bao Qianling.
In terms of kung fu.
I'm a match for him.
Sometimes. I'm even a
little better than him.
If I'm lucky today and
meet Qiao Feng on the road.
you can watch me rip him to pieces.
Let's go.
Go.
Boss. why aren't you riding a horse today?
- I lost it.
- Lost it?
Yes.
- How?
- Bad luck. right?
Just when I was getting lucky yesterday.
I heard that Qiao Feng killed someone
at Shaolin Temple.
This is a serious matter.
so I didn't have time to recoup my losses.
God has opened His eyes
and sent me a horse.
You can walk behind me.
I'll get on my horse.
Boss. take care.
Yes. Boss.
Boss!
- Boss.
- Are you all right. Boss?
Are you all right?
Boss. are you going to ride the horse?
Do you believe what they said?
There's hope for you.
Mr. Qiao.
Thank you.
I thought I was going to die this time.
It's not that easy to die.
You will be saved once
we find Physician Xue.
But I heard that Physician
Xue has long disappeared.
How will you find him?
Don't you remember?
I used to be the head of the Beggars' Gang.
Of course. I have my ways.
Then...
do you think you can give me a bun?
There are no more buns.
How about some porridge?
Does it taste good?
Next time. let's eat buns.
You're right.
Why did you sneak into Shaolin Temple
to steal something?
Actually. I'm a servant
of the Murong family.
My master said that
if I stole the Tendon-Altering Sutra.
he would tell me my origins.
Then I could see my parents.
But now. with my current injuries.
I'm afraid that I'll
never be able to see them.
You will see your parents.
I promise you.
Are you having trouble sleeping too?
Mr. Qiao.
Just call me Qiao.
Qiao.
After you send me to Physician
Xue. where will you go?
I'm going to Yanmen Pass.
Do you want to find your origins?
If I were Khitan.
would you think I'm a bad person?
Whether you are Khitan or not.
to me. you are a good person.
Once upon a time. there was a poor family.
The child's father was seriously ill.
So they took all the money they had...
and went to find a doctor.
But the doctor was a fraudster.
He took the money and ignored them.
The money was meant to
save the father's life.
Therefore. the kid sneaked
into the fraudster's house.
intending to get the money back.
But the fraudster found out.
The kid took a knife out...
and killed the fraudster.
With his blood-stained hands.
he brought back the money.
Do you think the boy brought the knife
only to get the money back?
Or did he intend to kill someone?
If he intended to kill someone.
would he still be a good person?
I would do the same thing.
He did all that for the
sake of his loved ones.
Then I'll tell the kid that in this world.
there is still someone on his side.
Then... please tell him
one more thing for me.
Thank him for saving me.
All right.
Today. the world's heroes are gathered
at my Heroes' Gathering Manor!
Working together. we can eliminate
Qiao Feng and rid the world of evil!
Drink up!
- Cheers!
Kill Qiao Feng!
- Kill Qiao Feng!
Kill the traitor!
- Kill the traitor!
- Kill Qiao Feng!
Master!
What on earth is going on? Speak!
Qiao...
Qiao Feng is here!
Go!
Qiao Feng. how dare you come to the
You brothers' Heroes' Gathering Manor!
What a coincidence. We were discussing
how to root out scum like you.
I've come here to see Physician Xue.
Amitābha.
Qiao Feng. do you know
that before Xuanku died.
he still hoped that you could put down
the butcher's knife and repent your ways?
Yet you conspired with a foreign woman
to steal our secret manuscript.
You are tarnishing Shaolin's reputation!
Qiao Feng. you have no conscience.
You killed my husband.
Today. even if I have to risk my life.
I want you to pay in blood!
Heroes. I beg you all.
You must help me get justice.
Mrs. Ma.
we have yet to determine
whether Qiao Feng killed Vice Master Ma.
Isn't your conduct thus unbecoming?
We're here today to eliminate the traitor.
But you seem to be
defending Qiao Feng instead.
I would like to ask
whether the Beggars' Gang is trying
to protect this Khitan dog traitor!
This is the Beggars' Gang's business!
Who dares to question us?
That's enough!
Why are you arguing among yourselves?
Outsiders would think of us as a joke.
Physician Xue. I beg for your help.
Ms. Azhu is seriously
injured because of me.
I came here today because you are the
only one in the world who can save her.
If you help me today.
I. Qiao Feng. will repay you one day.
She was injured by the Powerful Vajra Palm.
If you hadn't kept her alive
using your inner strength.
she wouldn't have survived this long.
All healers ought to have
healing hands and kind hearts.
I won't turn away anyone
who seeks medical help.
except for anyone brought by you.
I won't save any of them.
You are a Khitan.
You learned the kung
fu of the Central Plain
and used it to kill the
people of the Central Plain.
That is a sin!
How can I tolerate your behavior?
Physician Xue is right!
Kill this Khitan traitor!
- Kill him!
All who are present are heroes!
You ought to know right from wrong.
It's me that you want to kill.
This lady has nothing to do with it.
Are you going to stand back
and watch this innocent woman die?
This goes against your intention
to practice medicine to help the world.
Qiao Feng. since you want
to save this lady so badly.
if we ask you today to give your
life for hers. will you say yes?
It would be my pleasure
to save a close friend with my life!
However. we shall see
whether you are capable of taking my life.
Leave your life behind and
I'll save her life for you.
Thank you.
Qiao.
I don't want treatment anymore.
There are many of my former brothers here.
Today. we are enemies. not friends.
The world's heroes say I'm a Khitan.
They say I killed my beloved teacher.
my parents.
and my old friends.
If you wish to condemn
me. no pretext is needed.
Take this as a wine of severance.
After drinking it.
we shall write off all past grudges.
If you kill me. it will not be ingratitude.
If I kill you. it will not be an injustice.
Heroes of the world.
bear witness to this.
Any of you who wish to take my life.
step up and drink with me.
I'll drink.
Qiao Feng.
everyone in this world
thinks you're a hero.
I never thought that you would
sacrifice your life to save a woman.
My late husband died at your hand.
You and I are no longer friends.
I will drink this bowl of
wine on behalf of my husband.
The Fourfold Assembly of Buddhism
must abide by the precept of alcohol.
Today. I'll use tea in place of wine.
Qiao Feng.
I trained you in Shaolin
since you were a child.
I didn't expect that our fate
would come to this today.
So be it.
Buddha will not accept
those who aren't destined.
Sow this cause and reap the fruits.
Everything stems from the heart. Master.
After drinking this bowl of wine.
I'll no longer hold back with you.
Very well.
- Amitābha.
Qiao Feng. our brothers almost died west of
the pass to a group of Western Xia soldiers.
Fortunately. you came to our rescue.
We are indeed indebted to you.
But in the face of justice.
personal favors are not worth mentioning.
I. Xiang Wanghai. admire
very few people in my life.
I. Qi Liu. as well.
- Bottoms up!
The Beggars' Gang's current system
for reward and punishment is clear-cut.
You established this standard.
I drink to you.
The gang is strengthened
and prepared for war.
You deserve the credit for that.
I toast to you on behalf
of the Beggars' Gang.
The gang has set up a web of
spies thanks to your help.
To you!
In many instances when
assassinating foreign enemies.
without your intervention.
our brothers would have
been killed long ago.
To you.
We have fought and killed enemies together
in the battlefield.
We were good brothers who
braved death together.
Unfortunately. one of us must die today.
To you!
To be able to go through battles
with all of you so many times...
was my good fortune.
After drinking this wine.
our relationship will end here.
In the next life.
I hope we can still be good brothers.
Please!
- Please!
Boss.
Didn't you always want to
rip Qiao Feng to pieces?
Now is the chance.
Boss. this is a good opportunity. Go ahead.
- Go.
- All right.
Qiao Feng.
I'll have a drink with you too.
I'm drinking with all the heroes.
Who are you? You are not worthy!
Let me tell you. I'm drinking this
wine with you out of respect for you.
This man is the Khitan traitor who murdered
his parents and betrayed his master!
You don't deserve to
drink this wine with me.
I'll drink it by myself. I'll drink alone.
Khitan traitor!
I'll kill you!
I'll take your damned life!
Come at me together!
What are you waiting for?
Beggars' Gang. go!
Flip it over!
I'm going to kill you. Khitan dog!
- Master!
Qiao.
Qiao Feng. you must die
for the sake of the martial arts world!
The Proud Dragon Repents!
Disciples of Heroes' Gathering Manor.
Take formation!
Qiao Feng!
She shall pay for what you have done!
Azhu.
Go to hell!
Qiao!
Qiao.
You knew they would kill you.
Why did you still come here?
I promised to save you.
Is it worth it?
It's worth it.
In this world.
you are the only one who still trusts me.
Eighteen Subduing Dragon Palms?
Qiao.
Qiao. run. Don't worry about me.
To be a real man means to be
a man among men while alive
and a ghost among ghosts when dead!
Since death awaits.
I'll die with you!
Come on!
I've stabbed his Qi Hui acupoint.
He can't use his power anymore.
Now is not the time for morality!
Kill him quickly!
Kill him!
And kill the girl too!
God's will cannot be disobeyed.
Without Qiao Feng. who else
can come to your rescue?
Why kill her?
Qiao Feng would give up his life for her.
Let me heal her.
Qiao Feng will surely return.
[Xing]
[Yan]
Father.
I have...
followed your last wish to conceal my light
and endure hardships.
This day has finally come.
Today. the Song dynasty is
already full of devastation.
Once I defeat Qiao Feng.
it will be time for our Great Yan
to mete out great justice!
Great Yan's sword...
has been covered in dust for a long time.
The day it is unsheathed.
it will be...
invincible!
I have recovered.
Let me go.
I saved your life.
Only when I want you to go can you leave.
Qiao must still be alive.
He will definitely come back to save me.
By then. I'm afraid you'll
be the first to leave.
I've been helping the world for years.
How many people have I saved?
What have I gained?
They are all hypocrites and villains!
Qiao Feng is a villain.
Everyone in the world wants to kill him.
But in their hearts. they still fear him.
Why?
It's because he's
different from all of you.
I knew you were tough.
You would not die so easily.
There is food on the table. Help yourself.
Thank you for saving my life.
If it weren't for your deep internal strength.
I couldn't have saved you even if I wanted to.
Do you know what destiny is?
What can you tell me?
Grudges and strife are the destiny of the
country and the destiny of man even more so.
In this world. love and revenge
are difficult to overcome.
All causes and effects in the world
cannot escape love and injustice.
No one is an exception. Those who
have feelings are all caught in them.
In fact. life and death
are the same as nirvana.
Emotion and non-emotion are no different.
Everything comes from the heart. sir.
You are a Khitan. but you gave up your life
for a Song woman.
You need to know.
The hatred between you and
the Song is irreconcilable.
If you die like this.
how can you face your real parents?
Whether it's the Khitan or the Song.
I believe that my biological parents
were not the kind of people
who turn away from love and justice.
Your father. Xiao Yuanshan. was indeed
not a heartless and unrighteous man.
Do you know about my real parents?
Who are you?
It doesn't matter who I am.
The most important thing
is that you know who you are.
Somebody!
Somebody. open the door!
Hurry up!
That darned girl hurt me!
She's gone! Go after her!
All of you. go after her!
Go!
What is all the ruckus?
This is for Qiao.
This is a minor injury. I'll heal myself.
When I get better.
I'll gather all martial artists
and destroy you and that Khitan dog!
No!
No! My medical clinic!
My medicine! My medical clinic!
It's gone!
Sir!
- Sir.
Azhu is not dead.
That means...
Qiao Feng will definitely appear.
Indeed. "Murong in the south.
Qiao Feng in the north."
You are Murong Fu of Gusu.
Why is a man from a prestigious family
attacking from behind?
What do you mean by this?
Qiao Feng.
your Song dynasty
suffers from internal and external troubles
and values literature over kung fu.
The Songs have turned their backs on you.
Why don't you and I join hands
and work together to conquer the world?
Although I'm a man of the world.
what is right and what is wrong
are very clear to me.
You and I walk different paths.
We cannot work together.
With how the Songs have treated you.
don't you hate them at all?
What I hate are those who
stir up unnecessary strife.
Strife in the world is
either for fame or benefits.
There is no such thing as unnecessary.
Did you come here to look for Azhu?
Hurry up!
- Don't play tricks!
- Keep walking!
Khitan dogs.
Hurry up!
Grandpa.
I can't walk anymore.
I want to drink water.
Hurry up!
Sir.
We've been walking for two days.
Have mercy on us. Give us some water.
- Stop!
- Do you want some water?
- Yes.
Do you want a drink?
- Come on.
- Thank you.
Do you want to drink water?
You Khitan dogs!
Aren't you born strong and tough?
Do you need water? Really?
Do you still want to drink?
Did you think the Song people would lose
when you battled us?
I'll beat you now. Khitan dogs!
- Do you dare to battle us?
- Stop beating my grandpa!
Khitan dog!
Stop!
Don't!
Go to hell!
Go home.
If I were Khitan. would
you think I'm a bad person?
Whether you are Khitan or not.
to me. you are a good person.
You are a Khitan.
You learned the kung fu of the Central Plain
to kill the people of the Central Plain.
You really are a Khitan bastard!
You're worse than animals!
I'll never harm a single Song life.
I'll never harm a single
Song life as long as I live.
Would you think I'm a bad person?
Qiao!
I thought...
I thought I would never see you again.
After I recovered.
I looked for you everywhere.
I've been waiting for
you here for five days.
I was thinking I would
keep waiting for you here.
I would wait for you because
I knew you would be all right.
You were going to be all right.
From today onward.
I'll no longer be ashamed of the Khitan.
Nor will I be proud of the Song.
When I find out my origins
and you reunite with your parents.
I'll withdraw from the martial arts world.
We shall leave the state
and herd cattle and sheep.
Worldly affairs shall no
longer be our concern.
Azhu.
come with me.
Whether you are Khitan or not.
I had already made up my mind when we
were separated at Heroes' Gathering Manor.
I'll follow you...
for the rest of my life.
Mrs. Ma.
Physician Xue was burned to death.
Perhaps Qiao Feng went to save that bitch.
Is Qiao Feng not dead yet?
If Qiao Feng is really not dead and finds
out that Ma Dayuan died at our hands.
he will definitely come back for revenge.
But we were just following the command
of the leading brother.
How about we go see the leading brother?
But his whereabouts are unpredictable
and he remains elusive.
The leading brother. Duan
Zhengchun. is not in Dali.
He is already here.
He is at Mirror Lake.
Xiaokang. it is done.
You are so smart.
This time. Duan Zhengchun will surely die.
However.
are you really willing to let him die?
For those men who have wronged me.
death is already clemency.
I. Bai Shijing. will never betray you.
Are you afraid?
Don't be afraid.
Even if you die.
I'll let you die comfortably.
Why won't you let me kill him?
Your Highness.
Azi!
Azi.
She is your daughter!
You put this golden lock
on her yourself back then.
It's engraved with part of my name. "Zhu."
Don't you recognize it?
Is she my daughter?
I came back because I want...
I don't have a father.
Since I was a child. I have been on my own.
Since you had abandoned me so cruelly.
don't expect me to acknowledge you.
Take it back.
You don't deserve to be my father!
[Zhu]
Thank you for saving me.
No need to say thank you.
I just can't stand
seeing people stab others in the back.
You are heroic and chivalrous.
What have you come to my Mirror Lake for?
Are you Duan Zhengchun?
I am.
I'm Qiao Feng.
I was just coming to find you.
Are you Qiao Feng. the great hero?
I know that my son Duan Yu
and you are sworn brothers.
I have always wanted to meet you.
My son is naughty.
I locked him up in the temple
in front of the mountain to meditate.
God must have willed this day.
Yes.
It is the will of God.
In that case. I shall invite you two
to the Mirror Lake courtyard tonight.
I'll come to see you tonight.
Good.
Your Highness. you haven't
come for a long time.
What are you here for this time?
I wanted to see you.
Although I wasn't here.
you were always on my mind.
Do you really think I don't know
how many women you have out there?
How can you believe the rumors?
Take Qiao Feng for example.
Everyone in the world says he's a villain.
But I believe he is loyal and righteous
and would not do such things.
Am I not just like him?
I never care what other people say.
I just hope that the people around me
can understand me completely.
Just give me a chance to take
you and Azi back to Dali.
Let me be a good father and husband.
Let's have a family reunion.
Family reunion?
Don't you know that Azi has a sister?
A sister? Where is she?
I gave her to someone else.
- Why did you do that?
- Why did I do that?
Your Highness. you have so many concubines.
women. and children.
Would you care about this daughter?
I deliberately gave her to someone else
so that she would hate you for life.
Even if she kills you herself.
I would think you deserve it!
Go away!
Azi.
You aren't going to kill
your father. are you?
You just said that if I kill him.
he would deserve it anyway!
He doesn't deserve to die right now.
Don't scold my daughter for my sake.
Shut up!
Azi. it is all my fault. Don't fight.
What are you doing sneaking around?
Are you a friend of Mr. Qiao?
I came here to return
what you dropped earlier.
Thank you.
Is there anything else?
Your daughter loves you.
I know.
As a father. I also love
my daughter very much.
Azhu.
Drink with me tonight.
Qiao.
Why didn't you make your move today?
There is one more person I must see.
Qiao.
Meeting you...
and experiencing so many things with you...
were the best things
that happened in my life.
So no matter what happens.
I hope you can resolve
the burdens on your heart.
After tonight. I'll take
you across the border.
All right?
All right.
Once we are there.
I'll herd cattle and you can herd sheep.
We can live the rest of
our lives without care.
[The Lotus Sutra]
Qiao?
Why are you here?
Duan Yu.
your father. Duan Zhengchun.
is the one who killed my parents.
I'm going to end it with him tonight.
I consider you a friend.
By all rights. I had to tell you in person.
After tonight. if you wish
to avenge your father.
I won't run away.
Sir!
I'm Xuzhu.
I see your hostile energy.
I would like to advise you that a single
thought can turn you into a Buddha or a devil!
Mr. Qiao.
Duan Zhengchun. where is Azhu?
She's fine.
I know what you came here for today.
That's right.
The bloodshed at Yanmen Pass 30 years ago.
Admit it or not. you
were the leading brother.
It was my fault back then.
I have just reunited with my daughter.
I don't want her to lose her loved ones.
I beg you.
Can you let go of this grudge?
When you killed my parents.
I lost my loved ones.
What about that?
Thirty years later. you have turned
the whole world into a bloody mess.
You must pay for the sins you sowed!
How could it be you?
Qiao.
I'm sorry.
I cannot...
let you kill Duan Zhengchun.
Because...
he's my father.
You are so silly.
Qiao.
you had...
already saved my life.
So don't blame yourself.
You are so silly.
To die in your arms.
I have...
no regrets in my life.
It is my fault.
Qiao.
Will you still take me to the countryside?
Yes.
I will.
[Xing]
I didn't want this for her.
Azhu!
Thirty years ago. I was in Dali.
I had never been to Yanmen Pass.
As for the letter you mentioned.
I didn't write it.
Nor am I the leading brother you seek.
I really don't understand.
Why did they use you to kill me?
[Haiyi]
[Hongchang]
Bai Shijing!
The Dog Beating Staff is a powerful object.
It should choose a wise master.
The Beggars' Gang is the
largest gang in the world.
yet it serves the weakened Song dynasty.
Mr. Murong said that if Great
Song waged war with Dali.
the world would be in chaos.
The world would be in chaos.
Then... we will have a
chance to rise to power!
So you used me to kill Duan Zhengchun!
All along.
you and Kang Min were being influenced by
Murong Fu behind the scenes to cause chaos!
The world has descended to chaos
because of shameless people like you!
Did she have a part in killing my sister?
Kang Min. how can you
face the Beggars' Gang?
How can you face Vice Master Ma?
Ma Dayuan?
He abducted me when I was 14!
My whole life was ruined
by the Beggars' Gang's men.
But I won't be resigned to this fate.
I want all the men in the world...
to bow and scrape to me.
If it is something that I cannot have.
I won't let anyone else have it either.
What makes you think
that all men will listen to you?
My beautiful face.
Except for Qiao Feng.
all the men in the world fall at my feet.
Even your father is no exception.
Your face certainly is pretty.
My face!
Elder Bai. Qiao Feng has arrived.
Thank you. You have fulfilled your mission.
Mr. Murong.
after killing Qiao Feng.
we can share the world.
Murong Fu. you finally show yourself.
Today. we must settle all grudges!
Today is the day the Great
Yan will be restored.
You can either be a Great Yan hero
or a dead Song soldier.
If you don't surrender.
I'll take your life here.
Come and take it if you dare!
What are you waiting for?
Scumbag!
Look at your hand!
Why haven't you left yet?
I'm not leaving!
This is none of your business.
Go home.
Go!
I'm here to help you!
I brought my father's sword.
Take it.
I cannot believe a Khitan
would use a broken sword of Dali
to defend the debilitated Song.
Can you defend it?
I'm defending not only this land.
but also the righteous way of the world!
Do you see?
This is what happens
if you don't submit to the Great Yan.
Do you think that your
Eighteen Subduing Dragon Palms
is the most powerful martial arts skill?
Our Murong family's Star Shifting
surpasses all other martial arts skills.
Qiao Feng.
haven't you always been
obsessed with being a hero?
But now. that notion
must be shattered. right?
You couldn't have expected to end up
with no family and a gruesome death.
If you cling on to a thought.
then you are trapped by a thought.
Let go of a thought
and be freed of distracting thoughts.
Only then can one become a Buddha.
Master. why is there a Lowered-brow
Bodhisattva and an Angry-eye Vajra?
Angry-eye Vajra's obsession
is to get rid of demons.
Then is this obsession right or wrong?
Should one let go of it?
Murong Fu. I'm not a hero.
I'm just an ordinary person
who holds fast to the right path.
What I must do today is send you to hell!
Your father finally brought
your mother and Azi back to Dali.
But you know your mother
can't stand your father.
It didn't take long before
she returned to Mirror Lake.
And then there is Azi.
She's a naughty girl.
She said she wanted to roam the world.
She has disappeared now.
I don't know where she has gone.
I promised to bring you to the countryside.
We are here now.
Just like I told you before.
I'll herd cattle and you'll herd sheep.
We will pay the world no mind.
Across all the kingdoms in the world...
and thousands of autumns.
in my heart.
there is only you. Azhu.
[In Memory Of My Beloved Wife. Azhu]
Qiao Feng!
Father?
You're still alive.
I hid from the world for 30 years
just to wait for the day
when you can restore our Great Yan.
How can you be so useless?
I'm sorry. Father!
I. Murong Bo. am back.
This is just the beginning.
Yuanshan. are we near Yanmen Pass yet?
Thank you for raising my son.
Who are you?
Who did this?
Xiao Yuanshan. I can
finally return this to you.
Xiao Yuanshan.
Thirty years have passed.
You have finally shown yourself.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm